Start
Wherever you meet!
Alloy solves the two most pressing problems in long distance collaboration – better communication and better project management 

About us
Alloy improves the effectiveness of project teams by putting the proper tools in your hands. Communication is made easy and inexpensive, no matter where team members are located. 

Alloy Plan
Project management has never been easier! Use Alloy Meet with Alloy Plan to get the whole team involved in the creation of project plans and see how this commitment translates into finite and achievable goals.
Alloy Plan - Efficient project planning
Planning is crucial to the success of any project. Alloy Plan takes into consideration all aspects of project planning; from well-defined objectives to staffing, capital investments and management support. Nothing is left to chance.
Alloy Plan supports all project methodologies efficiently as the system is totally flexible in terms of setup and use.
Realize the benefits of using Alloy Plan. Our customers see on average an 80% increase in delivery of their projects on time, on budget and with minimal risk involved.
Work with an Alloy Technology partner to define the scale of your organization's needs and find the best fit with Alloy Plan.

Alloy Track
Projects have a natural lifecycle with well-defined stages. Progress monitoring is a critical part of making sure that your project is on-track and capable of delivering in the end.
Alloy Track - Get the whole team involved in the project
From start-up meetings to final sign-off, we have the solutions for today’s market-driven needs. Leverage your assets to the fullest through the combination of Alloy Plan, Alloy Meet and Alloy Track.
Sales figures are just a click away. Alloy Track lets you monitor business metrics at each stage of your project to make sure that you get the highest possible ROI.

Alloy Meet
You've never had a meeting like this before! Participants from remote locations appear in your meeting room, around your table, or stand presenting at your white board.
Alloy Meet - distance meeting online
Alloy meetings are easy to setup and moderate. All discussion points, presentations, and whiteboard sketches are captured and stored in meeting notebooks. Action items are highlighted and e-mailed to the action owner.
Are your operations spread out across time zones and continents? What is the best way of leveraging this wide-ranging expertise?
Alloy Meet helps companies save on skyrocketing travel costs through facilitating virtual meetings. You too can be a part of the solution and reduce your corporate carbon footprint. Contact an Alloy Technologies partner to help calculate your savings and get you started with Alloy Meet.

Customer testimonial Alloy Plan:
Streamlined planning
“Using Alloy Plan has saved time and money for our organization - but most importantly, has increased customer satisfaction greatly!” - Susan Peters, Trek Cyclery

Customer testimonial Alloy Meet:
Sharing worldwide
"Alloy Meet is a highly effective e-solution for our operations. Improved business metrics are realized through the cross-departmental sharing of information worldwide." John Randle, HighTec Inc

News & Events
Get the latest news from Alloy and see what events, seminars and courses are being offered near you and around the world.

Alloy Saves Bears
Alloy products have contributed to higher success rates of complex projects to save endangered species. World Wildlife Fund chooses Alloy to help save polar bears.
Huntsville AL – February 8, 2012
Alloy Technologies, the leader in collaborative project management, today announced that the World Wildlife Fund has used Alloy Technologies to improve the success rate of complex five nation resource efforts. The use of Alloy Meet, Alloy Plan, and Alloy Track has helped save over 200 polar bears in the project spanning Canada, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia.

Alloy Pays it Forward
Alloy strives to "think global yet act local". And after a very successful 2012, we would like to pay it forward. Vote for the charity of your choice!
Which charity should receive this? How much will be donated? That's totally up to you! Be a part of the solution and vote for the charity of your choice. The winner will be announced in 2 weeks' time.
Choose the charity of your choice
The charity of your choice:
Children's Hospital
Local Schools
Homes for the Aged 